BEYOND SAY GOODBYE TO LAURYN
HILL.
MIKE: TONIGHT
SERVICE WAS AT THE
SAME BUILDING OR LAUREN RELIES
TO DREAM OF PLAYING IN A COLLEGE
BASKETBALL GAME.
SHEREE:
IT'S WHAT SHE WAS ABLE
TO ACCOMPLISH OFF THE COURT THAT
IS FAR MORE IMPRESSIVE.
JACKIE JOINS US NOW WITH A NIGHT
TO REMEMBER.
JACKIE:
THERE WERE CERTAINLY
TEARS, BUT THERE WAS ALSO
THUNDEROUS APPLAUSE.
IT'S EASY TO IMAGINE THINKING
ABOUT LAURYN HILL AND HER
OPTIMISTIC SPIRIT AND THIS
TRIBUTE IS EXACTLY WHAT SHE
WOULD HAVE WANTED.
IN FRONT OF A CROWD
OF
THOUSANDS, LAURYN HILL'S
TEAMMATES MADE A FINAL PASS, AND
WITH THE KISS, HER COACH PUT
JERSEY NUMBER 22 TO REST.
HERE WHERE SHE FIRST SAID HELLO
TO THE WORLD, TONIGHT, THE WORLD
SAID GOODBYE TO HER.
HOW FITTING IT WILL BE TO
GIVE HER A HERO'S GOODBYE.
CAN WE HEAR IT ONE MORE TIME FOR
THE BRAVE, THE COURAGEOUS, THE
AWESOME, THE HERO, LAURYN HILL.
[APPLAUSE]
JACKIE: IT WAS A TRUE
CELEBRATION, THANKSGIVING FOR
THE BEYOND HER YEARS EXAMPLE THE
19-YEAR-OLD SET SO PUBLICLY WHEN
EVERY MINUTE WAS PRECIOUS.
WHEN DIPG
CAME KNOCKING ON
HER DOOR, EXPECTING TO RIVAL --
RAVAGE HER BODY, HER MIND AND
HER SPIRIT, LAUREN HAD OTHER
PLANS.
LAUREN HAD NO INTENTION OF
PLAYING THE VICTIM.
SHE HAD THE FULL INTENTION OF
BEING THE VICTOR.
JACKIE: TONIGHT, THE
TORCH SHE
BRAVELY CARRIED, RAISING MONEY
FOR YOUR CURE SHE DIDN'T LIVE TO
SEE, IS PASSED.
WE LOVE HER.
WE LET HER GO, BUT SHE'S
BUILDING US ALL UP WITH LOVE AND
SPIRIT.
I DARE ANYONE TO GIVE UP,
KNOWING HER.
JACKIE:
LAWRENCEBURG HIGH SCHOOL
SECRETARY JUDY REECE'S
GRANDDAUGHTERS ARE SELLING
LEMONADE ON THE WEEKENDS, DOING
THEIR PART TO KEEP LAUREN STREAM
ALIVE.
QUICK SHE DIDN'T
WANT TO BE
REALLY SUPER FAMOUS, SHE JUST
WANTED TO BE KNOWN FOR WHAT SHE
DID TO HELP.
SHE WAS A
HERO TO US.
YOU MIGHT EVEN SAY LAURYN
HILL PROVED STRONGER THAN DEATH,
EVIDENCE CROWDS OF STRANGERS SO
OBVIOUSLY MOVED TO ACTION BY
119-YEAR-OLD GIRL.
TO THOSE WHO DON'T KNOW HER
PERSONALLY, I WISH THEY DID.
BUT I CHALLENGE THEM TO LIVE
LIKE LAUREN.
JACKIE: THESE BOOKMARKS WERE
AVAILABLE TO PEOPLE LEAVING THE
SERVICE TONIGHT.
YOU CAN SEE LAWRENCE PICTURE ON
THE FRONT, AND ON THE BACK,
LAWRENCE LIFE LESSONS.
INCLUDING D-LEAGUE NOTHING
UNSAID TO THOSE YOU LOVE.
FIND THE LIGHT IN EVERY MOMENT,
AND OF OARS, NEVER GIVE UP.
SHEREE:
JUST BEAUTIFUL, JACKIE.
THANK YOU.
BEFORE TONIGHT'S MEMORIAL
SERVICE, DOZENS OF PEOPLE HAD
THEIR OWN PERSONAL MOMENT TO SAY
GOODBYE, A PUBLIC VISITATION
WHERE THE COMMUNITY COULD PAY
THEIR RESPECTS TO NUMBER 20 TWO.
THERE WERE PICTURES OF LAUREN,
FLOWERS WITH MESSAGES OF SORROW,
AND A GUESTBOOK NOW FILLED WITH
HEARTFELT LETTERS TO LAUREN.
MIKE: IN THE PAST FEW DAYS, THE
MEMORIAL TO LAUREN HAVE GROWN.
IT STARTED AROUND FRIDAY AROUND
THE STATUE, THE CENTERPIECE OF
CAMPUS.
TODAY FLOWERS WERE PLACED AT THE
FOOT OF THAT STATUE TO HONOR
NUMBER 22, AS THE COMMUNITY
SAYS
GOODBYE.
RIBBONS AND FLOWERS MARKING THE
SPOT WHERE SHE WENT TO HIGH
SCHOOL.
TALK ON THE STAIRS WITH PHRASES
LIKE, NOT ALL HEROES WEAR CAPES.
SHEREE: THERE IS NO BETTER WAY
TO REMEMBER LAUREN THEN
CONTINUING ON HER LEGACY.
THAT'S WHY THERE'S A NEW
CAMPAIGN CALLED CLUB 22
EVERY
CLUB 22 IS OUR WAY OF CONTINUING
LAWRENCE LEGACY, JUST LIKE THE
XAVIER GAME WASN'T KNOWN AS HER
LAST GAME.
THIS IS OUR WAY OF CONTINUING
HER EFFORTS TO FIND A CURE.
SHEREE: LAUREN
PLANNED TO
ANNOUNCE A NEW GOAL OF RAISING
$2.2 MILLION THIS COMING
WEEKEND.
THE CLUB 22 INITIATIVE HAS
ALREADY RAISED NEARLY $40,000
MORE.
IF YOU MISSED ANY PART OF
TONIGHT'S MEMORIAL SERVICE OR
WANT TO SEE IT AGAIN, WE HAVE
POSTED THE ENTIRE ONE HOUR-LONG